What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

The staging area is what you plan on adding to the commit. The working directory
is what you currently have, but you might not want to add all of that to the
commit and all of the files there might not be conceptually related. The files
you add to the staging area will eventually be part of the commit stored in the
repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

Add a file from your working directory to the staging area for each logical change. Then, you can use git diff to see what you've changed. Before you commit it, you can do git diff --staged to see how what's in the staging area differs from whatever commit you have checked out in your repo. Then, add it to the repo using git commit and add the commit notes. You can do this for each logical change you plan on making so that the other stuff isn't affected.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?

If you want to create a modified version of your existing project, you can create a branch so that your original is untouched, or so you can come back to it when you want. Branches allow you to make side changes without the risk of messing up your branch and gives you more flexibility in the features you can implement.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

The diagrams let you see where each group of commits comes from logically and helps you keep track of which changes exist in which branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

You combine the changes made from each branch into one commit (that will update whichever branch you currently have checked out). The diagram shows that the commit refers to the latest commit in each branch and has access to the history of both.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?

Being able to merge manually allows you to keep separate branches so you can test new things while keeping your stable version up to date. Automatic merging would limit what you can experiment with, but would make it simpler and easier to follow the different branches. When and which branches to merge would be the deciding factor of the success of automatic merging.
